Intentionally.
I fell into this situation.
Are you proud?
I'm here today.
Just came to see you laugh.
If you don't kill me
How could I end up like this?
You don't want an assistant anymore.
I don't want to be nice to me.
I became like this.
It's all because of you.
I killed.
You really don't change.
I will not cut you down, it is already my kindness to feed the dogs.
How about I bail you out?
I want to kiss you.
Tell me, what do you want me to do?
My heart is naturally very good.
You fell in this field today
I have a great relationship with Vice.
Don t you want to seek revenge?
I'd love to see you bite dogs.
All the pain I've been through
It's all because of you.
You're not afraid.
seeking your revenge.
If you think you can
Place an order at any time
The tourists are here.
There will be a second guest soon.
I'm not here to be a guest.
Come with me.
Why are you here?
If I don't come again
Do you want to exchange it?
Do you know he's here?
If not, what happened to him?
Send it to the brothel.
Child, I told you.
Anyone who hurts you
I'll make him pay.
Something unapologetic like this.
Let him stay here and learn to accept his fate.
Strong
Don't you want to take me out?
I've changed my mind.
You're right.
People like you should be here.
Learn to accept fate.
Remember, no matter how much you hate me
I'm begging you.
I'm begging you to say something.
If you have time, can you help me to see the Army?
Just say it.
I miss him.